This folder is for ARM dev files. I found a very good, quite detailed set of tutorials on YouTube at https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3V9eqvkMzHA&list=PLPW8O6W-1chwyTzI3BHwBLbGQoPFxPAPM that I will be following along with, and developing on an ARM M4 Cortex based board using IAR IDE and emulation environment. The board I am using is slightly different than the one he is using. I am using a TI TM4C123GXL and he uses I believe is a TI TM4C120x but so far every thing is pretty much the same and the one I have he has linked in course materials.

This course spends a significant amount of time at the low level and, if you choose to follow along, will help you understand exactly whats going on so that when you are developing at the high level you have a much better understanding. This file will contain the code that I type up as well as my notes as comments. There is no copy-pasted code here. Please in no way consider this to be complete representation of the course nor will I claim to cover all the detailed points he covers in my notes and while I strive for accuracy there again is no guarantee. Please follow his videos to gain that level of detail.  In most cases I am very verbose in my comments and often will not stay exactly to the code as he types is as I like to play and experiment. My intention is not to be short and to the point but to write details that might help you and will certainly aid in my retention.  Additionally I only include the main file for that lesson not the entire project for IAR. All files have been renamed from main to the lesson number. With all that, if you enjoy it and it helps you feel free to use it as you wish.

There are a large number of lessons to add to this file as of this writing. In the future this will also serve as a place to store other similar type code and class files as I pursue embedded development topics.
